I don't know.
2 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Mm, hmm.
3 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yeah.
4 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What's the business.
5 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Cool.
6 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This could be the.
7 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Customer service.
8 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The question I have.
9 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I to reach back to this 1.
10 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Um, I do, I think.
11 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So before I do it, you guys any other questions? No, no only for the topic.
12 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Only the previous 1 a long time ago. Yeah, actually my laptop at hand. Oh, okay.
13 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, are you hang when when when did you have this this, uh.
14 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We'll have to I do what's going on so quickly. Did you got Eva?
15 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
After that that, that's a good question. It's not.
16 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The wrong 1:00:1 before the i2.
17 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's not, there's no, uh, the same side is previous 1 long time ago. Yeah, no problem.
18 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Do you know the day? Yeah, I see. I see. Uh, 1 name is also the.
19 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
No, the other thing, I'm the other name.
20 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
All right. Thanks.
21 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay.
22 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Which 1.
23 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This is that.
24 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hello.
25 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Please please.
26 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I don't know.
27 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Basically.
28 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Stand.
29 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hello.
30 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
31 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, it does.
32 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yes.
33 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
No, definitely not.
34 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hello.
35 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
36 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Oh, I'm not.
37 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay.
38 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
39 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hello.
40 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Right.
41 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay.
42 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
That's no.
43 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hello.
44 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Well, I knew that. Yeah Yeah.
45 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yeah.
46 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I was late. Is it possible to rewrite 1st question at this? 1? Uh.
47 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You you didn't do the earlier question earlier questions? No, I didn't answer it. Oh, so, until now.
48 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
No, no, no, it didn't. Okay because you, you just keep it.
49 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yes, so it's impossible to write it now.
50 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, but, uh, I will write your name, so you.
51 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I understand because you have some transport issue, right?
52 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I will take, you.
53 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
From, uh, next week, 3, I will take it for the new 1. 1.
54 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Last year we only take the rest of 3.
55 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Based on 3, so yeah nevermind, so week, 3, next week, uh, I still will do a new quiz, so I will take from them.
56 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So you need to consider to read.
57 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
five six seven three six three of six but since
58 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You you just justified results.
59 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, next week, I, I still do it, but not I just I will not consider, but for you and, you mean, you see so, by more.
60 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, you will think 3, but, uh, I, I will only take the, um.
61 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
A week 2:4:6 8.
62 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, today's week too, I would take, but since.
63 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You have some issue, so week 3, I will do, I will take from it. So you are still 3+but the rest.
64 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Who have done this week to, eh, I will not take from them if it's next week it will take this. Please yes. For this lecture no, no, no. For this lecture we, we stopped already. Yes. Yes. So next week you will take 4 week 3 direction. Yes. I will. So what's your name?
65 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Well, number 8:7:8 2:4:8.
66 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Right, yeah, it's really.
67 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I can cancel.
68 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Transport sure transportation business deal very slow. I want to do that, but.
69 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, at 1, okay, if you want, but, uh, next week.
70 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, I will take, uh, your, I will take, uh, Max from next week for, you.
71 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Part of students, they will do it now but is it it's only for them.
72 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This 1 the next week, it's just a practice I still do, but the content is not.
73 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Next week yes, but this week contact, but since you do that, when you come tomorrow, if you want to come tomorrow, but if you want.
74 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This week we'll do it. I will take that for you. This week's. Yes. Yes. No. Uh, next this 1 cannot be repeat the 21 yes, I can do it.
75 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If you can yes, no problem you get the same the same.
76 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What's your name?
77 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Oh, I got it. So what else.
78 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And in this.
79 "Rana" (4267811072)
I am coming to the model. Can I split tomorrow?
80 "Rana" (4267811072)
Hello.
81 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In the future.
82 "Rana" (4267811072)
Sorry.
83 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I know it's a little bit.
84 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You know.
85 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay.
86 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
That was the name.
87 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yeah, it's good.
88 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Right.
89 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This time.
90 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yeah.
91 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Fine, so you don't have to just, um.
92 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
When you enter, you can just.
93 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Attend the system no problem.
94 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Oh, that's good. Mm. Hmm.
95 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Right.
96 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay.
97 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hello.
98 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yep.
99 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Well.
100 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You don't want to.
101 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What was what.
102 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Right.
103 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Hello.
104 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Exactly.
105 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Thanks.
106 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, okay. Um.
107 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The question.
108 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I think, uh, we have.
109 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We okay, 5 minutes.
110 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We have the rest for 5 minutes so let us, um, uh, can proceed. Um.
111 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We only have 1 more 2 more questions left.
112 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
2 more, uh, in terms of questions, I really.
113 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
10:10:30:around that we will complete our material for today.
114 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I believe it's okay because the 2nd week.
115 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we, we, we finished around 10:30:OK:ay and.
116 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we next level voltage divider rule.
117 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, in a series, the larger, the resistance, the more of the applied voltage, it will capture.
118 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If our 1 is larger that will capture.
119 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
A lot of more voltage from.
120 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, the ratio of the voltage across series resistance.
121 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Will be the same as the ratio of their resistance levels.
122 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, for example, if this is.
123 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If this is 10 volts that volts.
124 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And let's say 1 is.
125 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
5.
126 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And is also.
127 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
5, so it's going to be divided equally because the ratio is the same.
128 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, uh, we want we'll get 5 votes and we do will get 5 books because 5+5 is 10.
129 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If the, let's say the ratio is, um.
130 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yeah, right. We we have more examples in the next steps. The next steps.
131 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay, and the best way to understand this rule is considering the total voltage from the E are being shared amongst the resistance, depending on the respective.
132 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Values if all the resistance.
133 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we have done that, so I don't know.
134 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Scroll.
135 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Scroll too slow.
136 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
An example.
137 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, if we have, uh, voltage of 2220 votes, and we have 3 resistance.
138 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
6 hours 3 hours and what else?
139 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, the higher the resistance, it will get.
140 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The high voltage, uh, uh, proportion.
141 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And this, the lower, the resistance, it will get the lower voltage proportion.
142 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, um, if we want to find the voltage.
143 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Of any of the resistance we use this formula.
144 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If let's say we want to find a, we, across.
145 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, resist we across 3.
146 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Is equals to divided by.
147 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Our total our total is our 1+2+3xby. E.
148 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
That's why it's called voltage divider.
149 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If you want to find we across, so we do.
150 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It equals to divided by the total resistance multiply by.
151 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Multiply by 20 books. So here we have 10 owns 20 ohms and 5.
152 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So we know that we can use.
153 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The voltage divide the room to get the voltage across the tech OEMs.
154 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I will right here, let's say the voltage.
155 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
+1 resist the 1.
156 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You call it 1 is the, this, according to the formula 10 goals.
157 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But that is the resist, uh.
158 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
1, divided by the total resistance in series.
159 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And +20+5, uh, 35.
160 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Multiply by the.
161 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
E, which is 70 walls.
162 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So this is the work is divider rule or concept.
163 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Similarly, we can do the same for.
164 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
B, we 3, we across across or 2.
165 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we can see it.
166 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, we across, uh, we call it weekly because we 3 is.
167 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
20, because that resistance is 20 or divided.
168 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
By the total resistant in Series 35.
169 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And multiply by.
170 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, E, which is 70 books.
171 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we can use your calculators to get.
172 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The, and and do the same thing.
173 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
For week, 2, uh, we do, so we 2 is the resistor 2, which is 5 bones.
174 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Multiply by the total resistance.
175 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And multiplied multiplied by.
176 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The the voltage supply, which is 70 votes.
177 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So this is what, this divider concept or rules.
178 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if, uh, we have done just, uh, some steps just now so we won.
179 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's been we across resist the 1 is that almost multiplier? Divided by total resistance? 35xby 17.
180 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, I would like to know what is we to.
181 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We have done in the previous slides, so we 2 is.
182 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What you see, the work is divide the rule.
183 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You can now we can now go to the next question to find.
184 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, v2, or we across up to.
185 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What would it be? What would it be.
186 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Sometimes the access is in the form of steps, not the final answer.
187 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Because we want to check also the, the steps that you understand, not so much.
188 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The correct answer, but the steps must be understood by the students.
189 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So we have, um, 65, so that's so there's a record.
190 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Very good attendance, 65 students attending and we still have a small 1.
191 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
44 students still still waiting to click the right. Click the access.
192 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, for this, so V2 we across.
193 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We across, uh, this resistant we of course, this is.
194 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay.
195 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The address the resistance to.
196 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
I think, yeah, the timeline is finished is completed so.
197 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
5 over 5 OEMs over 25 bones, multiply by 70 books. Okay.
198 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So that is, can we across resistant to using the potential.
199 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What this device this divider.
200 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if we have, uh, 2, you can interchange elements, put them closer together.
201 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Because they are in cities, for example, if we have 50 votes.
202 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Forbes 0.57.
203 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And for us, you can.
204 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Because series, uh, voltages.
205 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's as if we can use, like, a edition of them.
206 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So here is last -50 and do not forget the signs. So if we.
207 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Put them closer together. Do not forget the sign is negative. .
208 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Order so when we put that together.
209 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The sign is negative last for the 12.5.
210 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So so, and when the sign is in this menu.
211 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, because it's negative plus, so when we, we want to add the 2 voltage sources so we must.
212 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
As a total.
213 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
-12.5, but this + +50.
214 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And so that's why the total the total voltage or the result and voltage is.
215 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Plus point -12.5 last 50.
216 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It is the 87 divided 1 multi source. The 7.5volts.
217 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
7.5votes.
218 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This is, um, because to what the sources in series can be added together.
219 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So the ground looks like this, the 0 volts. Uh, this is the same boat for the ground.
220 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, electrical electronic systems are grabbed it for reference and also for safety purposes.
221 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Cool. So this is the simple for the ground potential.
222 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The blue, the blue color, uh, symbol is the ground.
223 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So this is.
224 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The ground to show that this is, this point is connected to the ground.
225 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So this point is connected to the ground. Sometimes you can you see a symbol to.
226 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
In this manner 2 grams.
227 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So this is correct also, but this is also if we will do this.
228 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's just a equivalent.
229 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This to a ground, so, you know, this can be connected.
230 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Um, yeah, sometimes the line is not drawn, but they are on this. These 2 are ground so they are connected to the ground.
231 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Same thing different ways to sketch, but the same meeting. Same meeting.
232 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So sometimes the book or the exam question just write.
233 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Are 1 or 2 last stuff.
234 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Without any seems that not complete.
235 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But actually it's equivalent, so our 1 or 2 so you just if it's tough votes so you just so.
236 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The voltage sauce plus or -12 volts to the.
237 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Just a way of drawing, but they have the same meaning. Okay.
238 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If you see a question, uh, in the book, or in lecture material or 2 today, material.
239 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So it means you just put it.
240 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
12, and that works and do the.
241 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Similarly, if this is the case.
242 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's a good is drawn in such a manner that you see and here it seems like it's not completed, but it's.
243 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
-5, so you just.
244 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
From here you just add -5 votes.
245 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So be careful with a sign it shows.
246 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
-5 this meets you must draw the battery terminal.
247 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
- and + and right here 5 votes.
248 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, this is the ground this is the.
249 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, it's not, uh, it's, it's very it's a good but the drawing.
250 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, you need to need to understand the drawing.
251 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And so if -5 just, uh, complete, the secret is such a way.
252 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So so if this is, uh.
253 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Point a, and point B, sometimes in the book, or in the exact question or tutorial materials.
254 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, we like to write a V a. B to indicate.
255 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The voltage from across a B.
256 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Sometimes in the book, it's just like or B2. B. R. but sometimes we also write we.
257 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
subscript AV indicate.
258 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The voltage between.
259 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Across point a, and here, this point is positive is negative, so we.
260 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But if we write negative value.
261 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Unless we right yeah.
262 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, it will be, uh, whatever it is, the positive positive value.
263 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The positivity, but since it's negative. So if we are we whatever the answer is negative negative.
264 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, let's say this, that box across here, and this is David, and we write the .
265 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Dan boots, but if we write.
266 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
From here, uh, is, uh, 10 books past 10 books.
267 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we start with the the 1st letter for the.
268 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, in other words, uh, we are minutes.
269 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The voltage at point a minus the voltage point. B. so this is.
270 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Also, the logical.
271 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The logical way to see it.
272 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Simple way to say we is .
273 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we is.
274 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Because voltage is potential difference.
275 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Voltage is potential difference. So if the point at a is +60 votes.
276 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And voltage and location B is.
277 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
20 volts so we can say.
278 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, the.
279 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
He's 16-20, which is minus for books.
280 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if we we can if we know.
281 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
We are, we is 5 votes between here and here.
282 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And we know is for goals so we also can find because.
283 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Be a .
284 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Bp is, uh, V.
285 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Of so if is the 1.
286 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And maybe it's known, so we can find.
287 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The value of the so I've got the steps steps.
288 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if a B is flagged votes, and this may be is 4 books.
289 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Use the notation that you have learned.
290 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, what is the value of the.
291 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What is the value of BA, so the next question.
292 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You will have 100 seconds so the value of.
293 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
On this, right? If not on the left on this, uh, right. Uh, growing.
294 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Yeah, asking the question on the.
295 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Destroying not the leftover the right from it.
296 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, if we are given the, a B.
297 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And also we be, what is a retail.
298 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, you start concept that.
299 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
When we see, it means.
300 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, we minus, uh, we at B, so that's the, the concept that you have to understand, and you can solve that problem. You can solve.
301 "Sameer Ahmed Khan" (671148032)
I love I love the busy.
302 "Sameer Ahmed Khan" (671148032)
Please enter with that.
303 "Sameer Ahmed Khan" (671148032)
Okay.
304 "Sameer Ahmed Khan" (671148032)
What's that?
305 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Okay.
306 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Think, uh, you got the answer, right? Uh.
307 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
100 seconds, I think has finished so let's revealed the.
308 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Answer here that.
309 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The a 2 equals.
310 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
To 9, it goes to 9 volts.
311 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This is another example you are not.
312 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If you are just shown, um.
313 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Somehow hanging, but actually, it's you must complete.
314 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
You must completely separate in.
315 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Like, in your own understanding so it looks like this.
316 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
But it means here is it's written here minus, uh, last 35 volts.
317 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's returned at this point. -19 volts.
318 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, you, what you have to do is at this point.
319 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
+95, you have to draw the battery or multi source plus or -25.
320 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And then, at this point is minus 19th so you have to draw.
321 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The and positive terminal and you have to write. Yeah.
322 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
19 votes and all of them.
323 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Connecting to the ground.
324 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, in other words on.
325 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This combination of the 35 votes, and the 9 negative 19.
326 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, we'll make +55.
327 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
On the both the ground.
328 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And below the ground level is -19 because -19 minutes below 0. so.
329 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If you want to combine this 2 is, in fact.
330 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
+55-.
331 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
When is 19, so in total the total potential difference.
332 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Between these 2 point is 54.
333 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
54 votes good.
334 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
If default votes, so you have to.
335 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Be extra careful about the science about this silence.
336 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, at the end, uh, if you want to write it in, in terms of what voltage sauce as a result in.
337 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So you right, 54 in this manner.
338 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Plus terminal and negative terminal, 54 goals and, of course, you know, that, uh.
339 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
This is 25 opps and this is 20. so now.
340 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
It's like Siri circuit with, uh, 54 volts as the voltage source.
341 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, we have almost, uh, we have reached towards the end.
342 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And as I promise 10:30:almost 10.
343 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Um, so when we talk about.
344 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Battery has, and after that, uh, if you don't mind, I will show the.
345 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The results as a form of motivation.
346 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And also you already get some.
347 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
That will contribute for your overall maps. So when you have a.
348 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Actually, battery is not ideal so that we.
349 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
At some small resistance.
350 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Attached to it, so the is.
351 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, inside there is an internal resistance. Mm. Hmm.
352 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Not an ideal, but we cannot have an ideal battery. Mm. Hmm.
353 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So so a real voltage source, this will not ideal. A real resource has an internal resistance as the battery is used.
354 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, it's output voltage.
355 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Decreases because as the internal resistance increases.
356 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, as explained by now, any current drawn from the battery will produce what this drop.
357 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Across the internal, but resistance.
358 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Lowering the awkward voltage across the 3 tunnels.
359 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, today we have learned a lot.
360 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The energy and power series secrets.
361 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Um, this is just in series, which is what the low voltage divide a rule and will the sauce.
362 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, with that, uh, I will, uh.
363 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Plus the session and.
364 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Because that's the last question and now I will be able to see.
365 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Uh, the students who came and also the.
366 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, each students that attempted.
367 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
The quiz, so I will select this session to view.
368 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And you can see here, uh, very good marks and I know that.
369 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
What is 1 question was gone? So I will adjust it.
370 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
Accordingly accordingly manually after this and so well, that to.
371 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
And to all for that effort.
372 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (2525116672)
So, see, you next week, let's see next week. Okay.
373 "joud" (3964696320)
Hello.